[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> So, Roxanne, here we are.
Thanks for doing this.
>> You're welcome.
>> I'd love to just get to know
you a little bit and talk about
your work or your play.
>> Definitely play.
Oh, yeah.
>> Well, first of all,
tell us, we're here in--
>> San Antonio.
>> --San Antonio, Texas.
>> Yeah.
>> And this is home for now?
I love it here.
I don't think I want to leave.
I mean, I might
leave, of course.
But right now, it's
a really cool place.
It's got a great vibe.
It's a big city.
But it's laid out, and
the highways are awesome.
So I dig it here.
>> Nice.
And have you been
here your whole life?
>> I moved here in 2012.
>> OK.
>> I left--
I was in Las Vegas for 11 years.
And I was in the car business.
And I transitioned in
2010 and stayed on my job
for another year
and plus months.
And then time for me to
leave that apparently.
>> Right.
>> And then stayed in Vegas
for a few more months.
And mom and dad said, why
don't you come out here
and see if you can
get something going?
And it was funny, because the
intention was to come out here.
I was veteran, five years.
This is military city USA.
So the job opportunities
looked good.
I was in the car business.
I tried several places to
get in the car business,
but it's tough in
such a public view.
Well, that was my
perception then.
Tough in the public view to
get a job as a transgender.
And I'm not passable.
I mean, I'm not
going to say that I'm
anywhere close to being idea
of a passable transgender.
But that doesn't matter
because I'm happy.
That's for certain.
So I tried to get jobs out
there in the car business.
Came over here, tried here.
Applied with the military
or different Department
of Defense's, civilian, idea of
military, ideas, and no luck.
And then just
synchronicity sunk in.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> My unemployment ran out.
My mom and dad said, well,
you know, we love you,
but you got to go.
Because I was living here.
>> Right.
>> And I was infringing
upon their retirement,
which I understand.
You know?
>> Yeah.
>> Because now I'm going
to start costing them money
because I have no other income.
And, Reuben, that
was the first day.
That was the first
time I felt something.
When they said that, my ordinary
Roxy/Roy self would have
reacted, but I didn't.
I had a sense of peace.
It was like the first time
I tried on ladies underwear
in the mirror, I knew.
I was done.
It was like, oh, that kind of
thing, the same sense of peace.
It was so beautiful.
And I said, OK.
And it was three
weeks later, and I'll
tell you the result
of three weeks
in that peaceful thing
was I got an apartment
through the housing program.
I got food stamps.
And I got a job in all
of three weeks time.
Everything just clicked.
And I was like, holy cow.
It's perfect.
You know?
I'm like, wow.
It was no effort literally.
It was one person telling
me this, telling me this,
and going, going, going.
But when I was taking the
action, it wasn't a struggle.
It was just do it,
and it was perfect.
And there it was.
And during that time I moved
out and moved in the apartment
and started my job, it was
a training for two months,
I had joined an idea of a
guided meditation group.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And that was
with Wink Carlock,
wonderful awake lady
that helped quite a bit,
introduced me to the lady
behind the camera my videos.
You all know her as Rita.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And that was
my awakening time.
And as soon as she said,
I remember this distinctly
when we were having
a guided meditation,
afterwards, we were sitting
around talking, she says,
you create your own reality.
And that was a
that trying to fit
a round peg in a square hole.
I was like, what?
But there was so much intrigue.
It wasn't immediately
pushed off.
It was like, can you
talk more about that?
>> Right.
>> And through the times, she
introduced me to Channeling
Bashar, Abraham, Kryon, just
different ones start coming up.
Rob Gauthier with Trebb.
At the time, he was
more Trebb than Aridif.
And of course, Brad Johnson,
Nora, Wendy, all the greats.
>> Yeah.
>> And then I was
doing this job.
And I was in the
car business before.
So I was making, during the
heyday of the car business,
$140,000, $150,000 a year.
I had the house.
I had all the stuff, the
stuff that defined you.
>> Right.
>> That come to find out
is not very valuable.
So and I went to $9.25 an hour.
But if I showed up in
time for the entire week,
I'd get $9.75 an hour.
I was like, holy cow.
If I show up on
time, I get a raise.
>> That's cool.
>> And I did.
Yeah.
>> I like that.
>> Yeah.
I liked that too.
>> I should have used that
with my employees in the past.
>> I know, right?
So I stayed there for
the two week training.
And I was on the
job for two weeks.
And during this awakening
time, I'm feeding on Bashar
and just understanding that.
And I'm meditating.
>> Darryl's Bashar or?
Yeah.
Darryl Anka.
>> Or Andrew?
There's several.
>> Yeah, not Andrew's.
>> OK.
>> But I did, of course,
know Andrew and a couple
of the other ideas.
But Darryl, right, Anka.
>> Right.
>> And then after the two weeks
of working and while I was
doing that, I'm watching Bashar.
And I'm meditating.
And I'm toning.
And Wink had introduced me
to the Hathor civilization,
Tom Kenyon.
And all of this stuff just
started pouring on me.
>> So then you went from,
in the same three week,
four week period, meditating--
>> Six week total.
>> OK.
And meditating, this we was sort
of your first time meditating?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, wow.
OK.
>> I was a martial arts,
still in martial arts.
Studied couple different
things around the world
when I was in the military
in different places.
And I would meditate in that
kind, but not in this idea.
Not the guided and the
more deeper idea sense.
But it was toning
and I was OMing
and different
things would happen.
And then I just knew.
I just knew I'm
going to do this.
I just knew I was awake.
And I didn't even know
how to say I'm awake.
Wink, am I awake?
Yes.
OK, good.
You know?
I was checking
with everyone else.
Am I sure I'm awake?
>> Wink, the meditation teacher?
>> Yeah.
Wink the meditation teacher.
So that's how it
led to transitioning
was the first step for
me to be OK with myself
in public, which was huge.
You know?
>> Yeah.
>> Just you were scared.
I was just scared to get
out there, but I did.
Because I knew.
I had this thing when
I looked down one day,
when I knew I was in that
phase of transitioning.
When I knew it was June,
pardon me, July 1, 2010,
I walked out of the door as
a woman and never went back.
And couple of days
before I'm looking down
at my shoes, my men's shoes.
And I called them clown
shoes because they just
looked so big.
And I was like, I'll never wear
a pair of clown shoes again.
And that's when I knew.
And when I did that,
and my job accepted me.
The owner of the
company accepted.
>> This was the new job?
>> No.
This was the car company
when I first transitioned.
He accepted me because
my performance.
So that was awesome.
So I had that
comfort there to be
able to earn income
not be broke in a day,
in a month, that kind of idea.
so that transition gave
me, it was pinnacle
because it gave me
the bravery, if you
will, to walk out of the house,
be that person I wanted to be.
And then when I transitioned
into the idea of channeling
before I started
channeling, I didn't
know I was going to
channel, and then it came.
And then when I
started channeling,
I had no fears
about putting it up.
Because I went through
that idea of acceptance
in the idea of transgender.
>> Yeah.
>> So that was--
>> An easier transition?
>> Yeah.
It was perfect, to put
my videos up there.
I created a YouTube page.
I started the channeling.
And I just put it out there.
>> And who came out first?
Who came through first?
>> Well, actually, it was
a Purishin civilization.
Here's how it played out.
I'm laying in bed
one day meditating.
Tom Kenyon has this
meditation called Aethos.
Aethos meditation,
five minutes long,
and it's just this OMing tone.
So I'm doing that.
I'm toning along with it.
And I notice something one day.
I'm listening and I'm
hearing the frequencies.
And as I'm listening,
I'm hearing words.
And I'm like, and there's
information, not just, hey,
Roxy, what are you doing,
that kind of thing.
>> Right.
>> It was information.
And I'd hear different ideas.
I couldn't quite tune.
It was like background
chatter at a party.
I heard it.
I'd have to listen in
and get a few words,
but it was a
conversation going on.
And that was really cool.
And then in continuation of
that, I was toning one day.
And the tone started, it
was very long and majestic
and loud and thunderous
and beautiful.
It just, my throat would
you shut down and shut down.
I'd do it again and stop.
And then in that
idea, a language.
I started speaking
this language.
And I was like, as soon
as I'd try to tone again,
it would come out the language.
It's like [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
so thank you for doing this.
We welcome you aboard.
So that's this
language Purishia.
>> Purishia-- and this
is the civilization?
>> Yeah.
It's another
extraterrestrial race.
>> OK.
>> And I got a little background
on them and how they're part
of humanity's
timeline and stuff.
They're just not known
yet, but they'll be around.
So they were doing this.
And I would speak
and I would hear it.
And the language,
it would translate.
It was just wonderful.
Just like I knew the language
just like I know English.
You know?
And it was just really cool.
So I told Wink about it.
And Wink came over to my
apartment and she heard it.
And I said, just
ask me anything.
They're right there.
I can see them in my mind's eye.
They were there.
And I was like,
Wink, ask a question.
Wink would ask a question, and
they would give me the answer.
And I'd translate it
and give her the answer.
And she was like, holy shit.
This is awesome.
So that day, right then
and there, she called Rita.
And Rita came over
with a camera.
And that was the first idea.
>> Oh, nice.
>> And then that was that.
So I channeled in
kind of a translation.
>> Right.
>> The group of people
would get in the room.
They'd ask questions.
I'd talk to them, translate
it, speak in their language.
I would speak in
the idea like that.
Now I know they
understood English.
I know they had that
telepathy thing.
They were all encouched in
this, but it was for me.
>> I see.
So the language
had come out first?
>> I would hear it.
And then I would, you know.
They would ask me a question.
And then I would speak it in the
language of Purishian to them.
>> Oh, OK.
>> They would tell me the
answer back in Purishian,
and I would translate.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> It was brilliant.
>> So you literally had in
your mind's eye or your mind,
you had this other
language that was.
And was it this knowing of this
other language automatically?
>> Yeah.
>> Or did it just--
>> I didn't have to--
>> It just came out that way?
>> Done.
It was as if I'm speaking
English right now.
>> So there was, I guess, a
little time lag in those early
days where words--
>> Yes.
>> --translation,
words, feedback, words.
OK.
>> It was just like that idea.
>> It was a process.
Like if we had a
translator right now?
>> Bingo, same idea.
>> And I'd have to go
through them to speak to you.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> OK.
And I realized the
information was coming.
And I'm getting validation,
validation out of four or five
people, whoever showed up
for those idea sessions
that we started having.
And like three days later, an
entity pops into my mind goes,
hi, I'm Hugh.
And I was like, whoa, hi, Hugh.
And he goes, I'm
going to teach you how
to be a conscious channeler.
Do you want to learn?
And I was like, oh, yeah.
I mean, there was nothing else
I wanted to do except channel.
And he goes, OK.
So he took me
through the process
of the ins out, the idea of the
doubts, how it's going to be.
They put me on a
little bit of a delay.
So in other words,
when I'm speaking,
I wouldn't perceive I'm speaking
until a couple seconds later,
so I can see where
the conversation goes.
Because what I noticed among
the teachers, the channelers
that I'm teaching through
Sylvester in the class,
they get a little bit
held up because they
know where the words are
going, but they're not sure.
They hear the words.
They channel the words.
But what they do is they think
ahead, where's this going?
And they might try
to fix the word.
You know?
>> Right.
>> And they don't trust
the information yet,
which I didn't trust
the information,
especially coming from the
idea of non-translation,
which I was first
birthed with in the idea.
And then so they
put me on a delay
so I would see where the
conversation is going, and then
go, oh, OK, now I get it.
And then I wasn't jumping away.
You know, that kind of idea.
And then there's no delay
after a few times of that.
And he was the first
idea I channeled.
And then Ocyphius came in
pretty, like couple of days
after that.
>> Oh, wow, just days after.
>> And Ocyphius just
told me, hey, I'm this.
And this is what we have.
I'm part of a
collective over soul
that you're a part
of called fire.
And my name is Ocyphius.
And I'm an individual
singularity
in this idea and channel.
And then you're going to
be a conscious channel,
so I'll be like a door
keeper, a gatekeeper.
This person's coming,
so here it is.
And he wasn't telling anyone no.
He was introducing
me to the vibrations
because different
vibrations are distinct.
Much like I can see you
and I know you're Rueben.
>> Right.
>> You can look at
me, you know I'm Roxy.
But it's a signature
vibration of feeling.
You know?
So I'd get that
feeling, and if it
was any of the entities, Mother
Mary, David, Jane, Ocyphius,
Sylvester, George, Chuck.
>> These are all
different entities?
>> Buford.
You know?
There are vibrational
signatures.
I've even heard some Elan
channelings from the Essassani.
>> Yeah.
I had the Paleah and
Elan came through.
Elan only came through
a couple of times.
And I had a talk with
him, I said, I had fear.
I had doubt about.
I was like, really,
I mean, Andrew
did it and that kind of idea.
And for me, and he goes, I
just want to say something.
I said, OK.
You know?
>> Yeah.
There's others out there
too that are a little--
>> Sure.
>> Yeah, that have
been sort of--
>> And I love it.
>> Yeah.
>> And it fascinates me because
I interviewed Ayako Sekino from
Japan--
>> Yes.
>> --who used to channel Bashar.
>> Right.
>> But she has a very close
connection to the Essassani.
And the Bashar, I
guess, they're all sort
of a collective anyways.
Right now, they're moving
into that collective.
It seems very almost the
same, like Bashar and Elan.
>> Well, it is
because, well, here--
>> And the Essassani, I guess.
>> Yeah, it's the
Essassani civilization,
which is a hybrid, 10
generations of hybrid
of humanity.
So they're
extraterrestrial, not alien.
>> Yes.
>> A difference.
So anyways, so that
Essassani is a collective.
And remember Bashar
means messenger.
>> Right.
>> Bashar is not
the entity's name.
So anyone can channel,
quote, "Bashar."
But they're an individual
within the collective whole.
And they do seem to have
the same idea flavor.
You know?
I mean, mine came
through was Paleah.
>> Paleah was another
Essassani being?
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
>> And I channel
her now and again.
>> OK.
>> You know?
Pardon me.
More so at the beginning,
but not so much now.
But she still makes an
appearance now and again.
>> Yeah.
It's fascinating.
I think especially with the
I'm finding the Essassani
channelings very interesting
because I've interviewed Ayako.
I know Darryl.
>> Sure.
How is Darryl?
>> I haven't--
it's been a while.
He's been working
on his documentary.
>> Right.
Hey, Darryl.
>> So I know that's
coming out soon.
>> Cool.
>> But there was a lot of delays
and work to be done in that.
So he's been very
busy with that stuff.
And then I haven't
spoken with Andrew.
But I know of Andrew's work
and your work and others
on the internet who
are a little less--
>> Known.
>> --known, right, who are
also doing the idea of Elan
and other.
>> Which is great.
>> And Essassani.
I've even had sort of an
idea of the Essassani come
through me at one point.
And I just I find that--
>> Fascinating.
>> --fascinating.
>> It is.
>> All of this is.
>> And it's shifting.
And there's more
channelers coming online.
>> Yes.
>> I love it.
>> So when you channel
now, you're still present,
so to say?
You're not doing full trance.
>> Oh, no, no, no.
>> You're there.
And you're able
to kind of switch
back and forth a little bit.
>> Yeah.
It's like I'm here and I'm
listening to the conversation.
Although, while the
conversation is going on,
while the channeling is going,
I can talk to whoever else
is there.
>> OK so dual Conversations
>> Yeah.
And it just flows.
And I have no mindset
on channeling.
>> Right.
>> I'm not trying to channel.
Once it goes, I
get out of the way.
>> Yeah.
>> And then I can talk
to Sly or O or whoever.
Even if O's
channeling, I can still
talk to Ocyphius,
which is really cool.
>> So Ocyphius can be
coming through you,
and at the same time, you're
having a completely separate
conversation with him?
>> Absolutely.
>> But knowing what this
conversation is about.
So you're not
completely checked out.
>> Yeah.
>> Unlike Rob, who
completely checks out.
>> Yeah.
>> He goes up and
hangs with them.
>> I call it going
fishing with Trebb.
>> Right.
>> So he goes fishing.
And then he comes back, and
how is your fishing trip?
>> Right, which
I think is great.
>> But and Darryl, I
think is the same way.
But it seems like everybody
else now, and especially
the new channelers
yourself, coming online
seem to have this more of
a presence and awareness.
>> Yeah, conscious channeler.
>> A conscious channeler, yeah.
>> And here's the reason why
I believe, in my reality,
that is relevant.
It's awesome.
Because I get to experience
it from the idea of me.
If I'm out, I have to
go back and watch it.
>> Right.
>> However, the validity of
the raw material, you know?
>> And that came through?
The raw material came?
I forgot who.
>> I can't remember.
>> OK.
>> Carla.
>> I'm sorry, Carla.
>> Right.
>> Carla and then--
>> And then Jane
Roberts with Seth.
>> --Jane with Seth.
So that information validated
starting in the '70s.
and here we are in
2016, and now it's
becoming more and
more acceptable.
>> Right.
>> The benefit for the conscious
channeler in my world is I
would want to be a
conscious channeler.
I thought I wanted to
be a trance channeler.
And it turned out to understand
to myself that I'm just
adding my own idea.
>> Right.
>> You know?
>> My own, am I
getting in the way?
And whether I am or not,
I don't care anymore,
because I'm having
a good fucking time.
I love channeling.
I love the information.
I love the ideas
that it's doing.
So it took me through
an evolutionary process
in and of itself for
myself, my own evolution.
And it's my world,
and it's my evolution.
And I love how I did it.
You know?
So for me being
presence and others,
you go through the idea
of not only the message,
but the vibration of
the entity that you're
co-creating with,
sharing, becoming
this new idea of an
expression, just beautiful.
>> Right.
>> And you're in
the present moment.
You're seeing different things.
It's like when I'm
channeling four people
and I'm having sessions.
We tune in with the higher
self at that session,
and I get to see the
images of everything that's
going on in their life.
And it's a magical mystery tour.
I mean, I get to see
everything that's going on
with them in that idea.
And Sly's talking and the other
higher self are communing.
And I get to see these worlds.
And it's just can't replace it.
I want to be in the game.
>> Now I've asked this to, I
think I may have asked this
to Ardiff about this idea of
multitasking and fractalizing
yourself into doing too much.
And we have this idea
in this Earth plane
now that multitasking is a
bad thing because you're not
as focused as much.
But it seems like as we
go higher in consciousness
and we understand our
multiple now lives, in a way,
we're already
fractalized, I guess.
But I guess we're
just becoming aware
of the multitasking
that's happening.
Is that how you see it?
>> Yeah.
>> So when you're it sounds like
there's a lot going on when you
go into the channeling with
being with the entity and then
seeing all these other
things that you just said.
Do you find it confusing?
Does it get confusing,
or just it's a flow?
>> It was, well, I didn't
do it until I understood it.
And once I understood
it, it came naturally.
>> I see.
OK.
There was no effort.
>> As long as I didn't try and
make it happen, figure it out,
it developed on its own.
Because it's what
we are already.
>> Right.
>> Think about it.
>> Yeah.
>> The one thing that was the
coolest epiphany idea during
the conscious channeling
is the thought blocks.
>> Thought blocks, explain that.
>> Thought block is here
comes the idea of the entire
channeling, 20
minute channeling,
and it's encompassed
in one word.
>> Yeah, OK.
>> And then I get
the entire thing,
but I can't speak of the entire
thing unless I speak one word
at a time.
>> Right.
>> But telepathically, we
are connecting like that.
And that's why I think people
can finish other people's
sentences.
>> Right.
>> That's why I think they
have the idea because that
connection of that co-created
now that we're catching up
to in time, everyone involved
in that focus now knows it all.
>> Right.
>> Because it's now.
We all know it.
So we're kind of tuning in more
and more telepathy and idea.
And you get that thought block
and you know the entire thing.
And now I see, they give
me whatever the channeling
is going to be about.
Like billions of
Earth, that Ocyphius
channel a few weeks ago.
And you know just billions
of Earth, and it was like,
but I can't down
here or in this--
>> Right.
We have to chop it
up a little bit.
>> I have to chop it
up and put it in time.
>> Right.
>> But just channeling.
>> Well, even Nora and Wendy
have done dual channels with
the Pleiadians.
I don't know if you've
seen any videos of that.
I find it fascinating,
where they literally
are finishing each
other's sentences.
And it's like, whoa.
>> It's like, yeah.
Because it's that
co-created moment of now.
And that's all there is.
And in that, everyone
there knows it,
because it's all co-creation
of that experience.
We don't look at it in
time like, well, I've
got to catch up to it.
The fractal does.
But all the higher
selves involved,
we know it because we
created it in the now.
>> Right, right.
It's like getting
Bashar and others
have talked about the
movie analogy, where
sort of the frames on time.
So like you're getting, and now,
we can download a whole movie
file in a little five gig--
>> I know, Isn't that cool?
>> --section.
So but to unwrap it,
you have to watch it
through QuickTime or one
of these software programs
that then play it out.
But all that data, it's in
that nice little compact file.
>> That's it.
They send it in.
>> And those movies are being
transferred wirelessly over
our internet every day.
So we're just the same concept.
>> Same idea.
>> OK.
That's cool.
>> It is very cool.
>> Yeah.
That's very cool.
So because this is
all, I guess, it
sounds like it's been pretty
recent, since 2012 is it?
>> I started
channeling it was 2013.
I stayed with my
parents for a year.
And May of 2013 is when
they told me I got to go.
And by the end of May,
beginning of June,
I was out and in my
apartment, had the job.
So it was actually, it was two
weeks to training, two weeks
on the job, and then I quit.
>> Oh, OK.
>> And then it was
like, I had no income.
>> Right.
>> You know?
But Odyssey of Ascension
popped in my head
through the synchronicity.
That's what I was going to do.
I'm going to start this idea.
And it was funny, because
I wasn't channeling it
when I quit.
I didn't even know I was
going to be a channeler.
>> Right.
>> But what I was doing is I
went to a Law of Attraction
meeting that a friend
of mine that I met,
her name was Sylvia,
invited me to.
And it was one of the meet
up groups here in town.
And after, I went to
the first meeting,
and they went around
to introduce everyone.
And after I spoke, the leader
of that or the facilitator says,
hey, I would love you to speak.
You just seem to have it.
And that was the
coolest thing is
because when I was in
the sales business,
especially training
my salespeople,
there was no way to do it.
I just had it.
And I would just channel it.
>> Yeah.
>> And it was the same thing
with Law of Attraction.
I'd just start, and
I would just go.
So that was an idea that
started me on the idea of people
wanting to listen to
what I had to say,
because it's not the messenger.
It's the dialogue.
>> Right.
>> If the dialogue has love,
it's not for a [INAUDIBLE]
purpose, or especially
preaching, oh,
we're so done with that.
>> Yeah.
Thank you.
>> And that idea.
It was just this
magnificent symphony
of words that would
just come out.
And that's the connection
that people was the dialogue.
It just they wanted to hear it.
And I was like, whoa, yeah.
And then soon after that,
the channeling started.
But it was about
a month after that
when people would
come and donate
after I spoke at the
Law of Attraction,
but there was only a couple.
And then people
would actually, hey,
can I come and sit with
you and talk to you?
You know?
And it was so funny, because it
was like, they were like, Roxy,
you should start charging.
And I was like, how
much do I charge?
>> Right.
>> I was so scared.
I was asking for
$60 for an hour.
And I was like, oh
my god, $60 an hour.
That was a big
frickin' step for me.
>> Sure.
>> And it turns out, of
course, it's your value.
It's the value of
yourself, you know?
And I was thinking, well,
spiritual people are poor.
They can't afford me.
Well, what a nice reality
I'm creating for myself.
So I learned.
I said, wait a, it's a
co-created world of a bubble
in the now that's infinite.
There's a billion Earths
that I can shift to.
So through my evolution,
I realize that now.
But that was a great stepping
stone to see the self value
and work in that.
And then when the channeling
started, the YouTube started.
People started calling
me this and that.
Then people wanted sessions.
And then I got help from
Simon over in Australia.
He revamped my website,
raised my prices, says,
you're much more
valuable than this.
You know?
So we raised my prices
to $140 for an hour.
And I do $195 now for
my channeling classes,
which the students say, Roxy,
you need to charge more.
Put an ending on it.
And I was like,
it's not about that.
That's the one
thing I found out.
It's not about that.
Yeah, I do charge
because I want to eat.
I want to buy my shoes.
>> Yeah.
>> I want to save
up for my boobs.
That's what I want to do.
>> Right.
>> But I don't over
price and cut people off.
It's like I don't
want to feed it lack.
>> Sure.
>> You know?
>> Yeah.
>> And that's why I've
had suggestions to charge
for my YouTube channels or
put it on the app stores.
That's not my rodeo.
Others, rock and roll.
I love it.
>> Yeah.
That's what I do, yeah.
>> But I'm going
to put that out.
And it's going to be
out there because I
have no lack for that.
And if that information
changes one life,
then I can't find another bit
of materialistic happiness
that would ever fulfill
that idea myself
to see the shift in somewhere.
>> Yeah.
>> You know?
So that's epic.
>> And it's happening.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> So many people do
resonate with your work.
I've gotten emails from
people asking when are you
going to get Roxy on?
And I'm like, I'm working on it.
>> I love it.
I love doing it.
And people, I know that
I'm changing lives,
but I'm changing.
So since I'm changing,
my reality changing.
My reality changes, then I can
see the change in my reality,
and it's epic that this
world works at that.
Well, that not even this
world, creation works that way.
And I love it.
>> Prior to the channelings,
well, I guess, not even prior,
but I guess more recently, I've
noticed in Ocyphius teachings
that they often talk about
this sort of reality bubble.
And that goes into
quantum physics--
>> Sure.
>> --with the whole idea
of what's that book?
Is it Michael Tellinger?
No, not Tellinger.
The book, "The
Holographic Universe."
>> Uh huh.
Yeah.
>> I forgot who--
>> I don't know who,
but I have heard of it.
>> So that whole concept, which
came out in the '90s talks
about--
>> And Nassim is doing
good work on that.
>> Nassim doing great.
There's a lot of
great, I just came
from a conference that seems to
be the scientific consensus is
we're moving into
this quantum reality
where there's this field
of infinite potentials.
And you literally are moving
from one reality to the next.
>> Well, when Tesla said
that and Einstein said that,
if you want to understand
the secrets of the universe,
start looking at it in
vibration and frequency.
>> Sure.
>> You know?
Change your vibration,
change your reality.
>> Right.
>> And that, it's a
big one to swallow.
>> Did you understand any of
that before the channelings?
>> No.
>> OK.
And how about now?
Now you seem to really
grasp that concept.
>> Oh, yeah.
I got it.
I mean, it's epic.
>> Right.
>> And actually,
this week coming up,
we're going to be channeling
the idea of the uniqueness
of co-creation realities,
talking about it in more
in depth ideas.
So just really cool stuff.
>> Yeah.
That's because I tried to
explain from all the teachings
that I've learned and as
well as my own downloads,
I tried to explain that your
vibrational frequency creates
your reality, and you're in
your individual reality bubble.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> But the interesting part is
that I haven't sort of wrapped,
been able to, I kind
of got the concept,
but I haven't been able to put
it into words is what about
the other guy?
What about the
co-creation process?
So maybe we can get a little
bit of that later today
in the channelings.
>> Sure.
That'd be fun.
>> Because that's something that
I personally I think I would
like to know.
>> Yeah, we can do that.
>> It sounds like you will
be doing it too next week.
But maybe this could
be an offshoot of that
and we can connect the two.
>> I love it.
>> And figure that out.
>> Very exciting.
>> You know, I ask this to
everybody who has multiple
beings that they're
able to channel,
do you have a favorite?
>> Oh, Sylvester.
>> Sylvester, OK.
>> Probably Sly.
But see, I like Sylvester for--
they all have their own flavor.
>> Sure.
>> But Sylvester resonates with
me in this now the most not
because the others are less
than or anything like that,
because Sylvester's
taken me closer to home.
>> OK.
>> And of course, all the
other entities aren't offended.
Because they don't
have polarity.
>> They're not offended?
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, OK.
>> That I like one
more than the other.
>> Sure.
>> Because that's a
human perspective.
We're in polarity.
So therefore, we see the
gauging scales of polarity.
And I talked to O about that,
and he goes, kid, I don't care.
Because I'm now, and I'm love.
And I was like,
oh, that's right.
But O got me to different
ideas and really
going through the experience
and the information.
And Ocyphius always
still comes in.
And then when I was
introduced to Sly,
there was just this
click of information.
Like I went from earning
my master's to going to get
the doctorate or something,
that kind of idea.
And then behind Sly is more.
And this quasi mind's growing.
So I can see that
and understand that
and be able to put
it into reference
points of my current self.
Because anything
that's out of bounds,
I can't perceive because I
have nothing to translate it,
nothing to reference it to.
And Sly's moving me
in that direction.
You know?
>> And is Sly a collective?
>> Yeah, he's a big
ass over soul, I guess.
>> OK.
Big ass over soul.
>> He's way up there.
>> Yeah.
>> I mean, for structural
purposes is Ocyphius is fire.
Out of fire is Sylvester,
or out of Sylvester is fire.
But Sylvester is and
I'm not Sylvester.
>> Right.
>> And that's where
I'm working on it.
>> Oh, OK.
>> Roman came through.
>> Right.
>> And Roman says, I'm the
expression of you, Roxy.
I'm Roy.
I'm Roxy.
Roy then, Roxy now.
>> Right.
>> But I'm also
Roman, but I'm you.
And that's where
it's going is there's
an expression behind Rueben.
There's an expression
behind the over soul.
behind that.
Right back to the
individual one.
It's all that idea of vibrated,
let's say, energy of expression
that creates in every
individuals' singularity
leading back to the whole.
And I'm just now I got an
understanding about it.
Yeah.
That's cool.
>> And what is that?
Can you share?
>> I don't think I can
put it into words yet.
>> Put into words.
OK.
>> But there was a little
bit of a click there.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh, god.
You just want to put it
together, but it's yeah.
I get it more and more.
>> Yeah.
No, I'm the same.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> That's coming.
>> The more I listen to the
materials and the more you live
it too, taking action every
day and implementing these
teachings.
>> Yeah, I live it.
I live the fear.
I love the fear.
Abundance was an
ass kicker for me.
I mean, I'm telling you.
It was like I was
so afraid of money
and charging money and accepting
money and the guilt about it.
And I just worked through it.
And it was like you're
being taught to save
all your life for a rainy day.
And if you put that vibration
out that you have to save,
you're going to have to save.
And you're going to use
that money for something.
And then you know, O
said to me one day,
spend what you have in
the now, because there's
an infinite number of nows.
The money is paper
that's vibrated.
That's all it is.
And it's my Earth.
I get to create my Earth.
I get to put the
things into place.
I trust this guy,
the higher self now.
So I was moving
in that direction
and understanding that
I don't have to save
and I don't have to
fear, and now it flows.
I still got a lot eh
about this and that.
>> Sure.
>> But compared to what it was,
I understand that abundance
comes in all ways.
I remember my truck got repoed.
I took a title loan
out on it before I
quit to have that extra money.
And then I never had the
money to pay it back.
So a mother MFin the
universe, sorry, and why?
Why?
And then one person you
know, which is the interview,
I met her.
Connie and her husband.
Jason had said,
Connie, to Connie, you
should get a session with Roxy.
She called me.
I said, it doesn't
feel like a session.
I'm actually turning
down a session.
I said, no, I think
you're supposed
to just come to the channeling,
and we'll meet there.
So she came in and said,
look, I don't have a car.
Can you come and pick
me up tomorrow and then
we'll go to the channeling?
She goes, yeah,
where do you live?
Turns out three miles away.
So she takes me
to the channeling.
We meet.
We talk like we're old friends,
like we've never separated.
It was wonderful,
her and her husband.
Two days later on that Friday,
on Sunday, she called me,
and she goes, we
have an extra car.
Do you want to use that?
So I got a 2007 black
Hummer H2 chromed out
that I got to use for
free for three months.
Abundance.
>> Wow.
>> Abundance.
>> Did it come with gas?
>> Oh, yeah.
Full tank.
He washed it and put a
full tank in it for me.
>> Nice.
>> He did.
So that was abundance.
>> Yeah.
>> And that blew my socks off.
I was like, OK, there
is something to this.
But I still had to
go through the fears.
>> Yeah.
>> And Ocyphius,
love your fears.
Engage in them.
Play with them.
Be them.
Because if your love
and fear is an illusion
of love, which is still love.
You're the one distorting it.
I'd take it and
turn it into this.
>> Sure.
>> It's a neutral universe.
I got it.
So I start working and
understanding that.
So I love going through it
and living the evolution
and practicing what I preach.
I do.
Oh, god, I said that, didn't I?
OK, what I teach.
Preach.
O goes, yikes.
I was like, I know.
>> Well, it's all you.
>> Yeah, I know.
So and just live that.
You know?
So I do what I want to do.
I love shoes.
And I love bell
bottom jeans, flares.
I do love them, because I
didn't get to wear them then.
So I buy my clothes that I like.
I get my food that I like.
I go out and eat.
I don't save.
Although, I have abundance in
the idea of my bank, of course.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> But I do the now.
I do the now.
And it was a son of a bitch
to learn to do the now.
>> Yeah.
>> Because everything is
telling you future, past,
what if, and this.
And that wonderful
cycle of the illusion
that's just spinning as
a background program,
but then seeing it and
just this little piece here
and looking at it and
go, your piece was seen.
Poof.
And it's done.
And then through that, the
only thing that emerges is you.
>> Yeah.
>> Not the idea of
the suit you don.
The identity of separation.
>> It's the excitement and
the joy of you version.
It's not the other version.
>> Yeah.
It's me.
>> And I rock.
>> And that's what's
fun every day.
I've been--
>> It's beautiful.
>> In past year or
two, same with me.
>> It's just shifting.
>> It's amazing.
>> When I channeled
Jane, the 12 endoctrines,
endoctrine number eight
was the most important.
And that was vulnerability.
Be vulnerable, OK?
You can't have-- people think,
vulnerable, you invite attack.
>> Right.
>> OK, defense invites attack.
>> Yes.
>> So I understood that.
And I had to let go and
not try to secure my future
and be in the now.
And through that painful
time scary, scary,
times, down to the last
no food minute times,
it all worked out.
The miracle came every time.
And now it's just
this effortless flow.
Because it was the belief
in myself that changed it.
>> Right.
>> But I had to go through that
idea of those beliefs to see
that they weren't real.
That it was me that was choosing
it to be that vibration instead
of the vibration it was, love.
And it was what a journey.
>> Yeah.
>> You can't write this.
Just in the now,
and it's wonderful.
And here I am now with you,
which is freaking awesome.
I get to do this now.
And then I have an
actual, I got invited out
to the Houston
Edgar Cayce Center
in June to do a channeling.
So I get to go out and channel.
And that's what I want to do.
I want to channel.
>> Awesome.
>> I mean, I love channeling.
So I get sessions.
And I get the channeling thing.
And I have an Ascension
University idea coming online.
And we're working on that with
Sly and the boys and girls.
And everyone is
going to be involved.
And it's just wonderful.
And it's not about the
idea of the outcome.
It's about the journey
to watch it unfold.
It's magic.
>> Absolutely.
>> It truly is.
>> Very cool.
Well, thank you.
>> So what else?
Is that good for now?
>> Well, yeah.
I say thank you for sharing.
And a little bit later, we'll
get into some channeling
and share some more.
>> We'll do it.
>> Awesome.
Do you have any
questions for me?
I've never asked that
before in an interview.
>> But in the moment,
you were inspired.
>> I was inspired, yeah.
>> It was like uh.
What do you want
to eat for lunch?
>> I'm you know, I like
healthy vegan stuff.
>> Oh my god, you're in Texas.
[MUSIC PLAYING]